README.md, before:

# _{Portfolio}_

#### _This application is a basic webpage. It showcases the box-model, sidebars, columns, and more._

#### By _**{Connor Hansen}**_

## Technologies Used

* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _Bootstrap_
* _VSCode_


## Description

_{This webpage has been created to learn and explore the different basic features and functionalities available in the above listed programming languages. It is created in a learning environment under the guidance of Epicodus in a single day. The objective is to meet the Week 1 Project requirements.}_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Reach this webpage through the browser of your choice_
* _Recommend using the most up to date version of your browser._
* _Links to GitHub repositories can be run in VSCode or a similar application._

## Known Bugs

* No known bugs

## License

_{Let me know if you run into any issues or have questions, ideas or concerns.  I encourage you to contact me or make a contribution to the code.}_

## Contact Information

* _{<chansen13@georgefox.edu>}_

Commit message:

add updated readme to main branch.

README.md, after:

# _{Portfolio}_

#### _This application is a basic webpage. It showcases the box-model, sidebars, columns, and more._

#### By _**{Connor Hansen}**_

## Technologies Used

- _HTML_
- _CSS_
- _Bootstrap_
- _VSCode_

## Description

_{This webpage has been created to learn and explore the different basic features and functionalities available in the above listed programming languages. It is created in a learning environment under the guidance of Epicodus in a single day. The objective is to meet the Week 1 Project requirements.}_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

- _To clone and run from [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/chansen1395/portfolio-landing-page):_

  - _In bash at a folder of your choice, type the following:_
    - $ git clone https://github.com/chansen1395/portfolio-landing-page
    - $ code .
  - _Use a program such as VSCode to view and run the program._

- _Alternatively, see links below to open in your browser using the Reach this webpage through the browser of your choice using the [Active gh-pages link](https://chansen1395.github.io/portfolio-landing-page/)_
- _Recommend using the most up to date version of your browser._
- _Links to GitHub repositories can be run in VSCode or a similar application._

## Known Bugs

- Possible to not see bottom of sidebar if not in fullscreen.
- Main content overlaps with sidebar if screen is scrolled to the right.

## License

_{Let me know if you run into any issues or have questions, ideas or concerns. I encourage you to contact me or make a contribution to the code.}_

## Contact Information

- _{<chansen13@georgefox.edu>}_
- _{[GitHub Repo - gh-pages branch](https://github.com/chansen1395/portfolio-landing-page/tree/gh-pages)}_
- _{[Active gh-pages link](https://chansen1395.github.io/portfolio-landing-page/)}_
